Array 1.40.0 (#4228)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/the-posthog-array-1-40-0.md

---
date: 2022-08-29
title: 'Array 1.40.0: What's new in PostHog?'
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
categories: ['Release notes', 'Product updates']
featuredImage: ../images/blog/posthog-array-blog.png
featuredImageType: full
---

Want to know more about what we're up to? [Subscribe to HogMail, our newsletter](/newsletter), which we send out every two weeks!

> Running a self-hosted instance? Check out our [guide to upgrading PostHog](/docs/runbook/upgrading-posthog).

## PostHog 1.40.0 release notes

**Release highlights:**

- [Highlight One](#highlight-one)
- [Highlight Two](#highlight-two)
- [Highlight Three](#highlight-three)

### Highlight One

> Some copy goes here. 

Author: @neilkakkar @EDsCODE It would be great if, as you get an idea what will be included, you can add just a single sentence here for each major feature. @andyvan-ph and I will take it from there!

### Highlight Two

Some copy goes here. 

### Highlight Three

Some copy goes here. 

### Other improvements & fixes

> Version 1.39 also adds hundreds of other improvements and fixes, including...

Author: ```suggestion
Version 1.40 also adds hundreds of other improvements and fixes, including...
```

> - **Improvement:** Minor feature one

Author: @neilkakkar @EDsCODE As above, any minor updates can be added here. Appreciate these usually come in as last-minute adds.

### New: Person modal revamp

![person modal](../images/blog/array/1-40-0-person-modal.png)

Clicking on datapoints is one of our favorite ways to analyze the users behind the numbers. The new person modal now looks and feels like the rest of the app. We've made it easier for you to search and perform actions on those lists of users, too.

### New: Recordings domain settings

Struggling with keeping toolbar and recordings settings separate? Us too... The settings for managing valid domains for recordings and toolbar are now split so that they can be adjusted independently.

### Improved: Retention insight update

![retention insight](../images/blog/array/1-40-0-retention.png)

Another update to our UI! Nothing functionally changed here, but once again we cleaned up the UI on the retention insight to keep up with all the styling updates we've had across the board. 

### Other improvements & fixes

Version 1.40 also adds hundreds of other improvements and fixes, including...

> - **Improvement:** Filter defaults can now be set to apply on all new insights ([#11589](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/11589))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Improvement:** Filters for test and internal users can now be set to apply on all new insights ([#11589](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/11589))
```
